Add why we're hosting a hackathon (#4258)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/marketing/content/blog_hackathon.md

This is a day dedicated to writing for the blog. If you've always wanted to contribute to the Sourcegraph blog but weren't sure where to start/couldn't make the time, the Blog Hackathon is for you!

## Why a hackathon?

Our blog is one of the most important channels for reaching people who don't know about Sourcegraph, and establishing us as a trusted, respected developer brand. 

> A third of our new business comes from website traffic, and we see the highest traffic coming from technical, developer-focused blog posts. When we announced [why we're indexing the OSS universe](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/why-index-the-oss-universe/) we had a nearly 1,700% increase in traffic to the blog. Views of [this technical post](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/zoekt-memory-optimizations-for-sourcegraph-cloud/), which made the top 5 on Hacker News, account for nearly 60% of that traffic increase (with 4,166 unique views). 

Author: ```suggestion
A third of our new business comes from website traffic, and we see the highest traffic coming from technical, developer-focused blog posts. When we announced [why we're indexing the OSS universe](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/why-index-the-oss-universe/) we had a nearly 1,700% increase in traffic to the blog. Views of [A 5x reduction in RAM usage with Zoekt memory optimizations
](https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/zoekt-memory-optimizations-for-sourcegraph-cloud/), which made the top 5 on Hacker News, account for nearly 60% of that traffic increase (with 4,166 unique views). 
```
